chore: Hard deprecate Drawer component (#1970)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/docs/mdx/9.0-UPGRADE-GUIDE.mdx

import {Meta} from '@storybook/addon-docs';

> <Meta title="Welcome/Upgrade Guides/v8.0" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Meta title="Welcome/Upgrade Guides/v9.0" />
```

# Canvas Kit 9.0 Upgrade Guide

> This guide contains an overview of the changes in Canvas Kit v8. Please

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide contains an overview of the changes in Canvas Kit v9. Please
```

**Please verify all changes made by the codemod.** As a safety precaution, we recommend committing
the changes from the codemod as a single isolated commit (separate from other changes) so you can
roll back more easily if necessary.

## Component Deprecations

### Deprecation Types

#### Soft Deprecation

A soft-deprecated component is still available with its full functionality, but it will have been
renamed with a prefix to indicate its soft-deprecated status. It will also include a console warning
announcing its deprecation. This warning will only be triggered on the component's initial render.

Soft-deprecated types and utilities will also have been renamed but generally will not trigger a
console warning.

#### Hard Deprecation

A hard-deprecated component or package is no longer available. You will need to follow the method
prescribed in our Upgrade Guide to update your application. Please
[reach out](https://github.com/Workday/canvas-kit/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug.md) to our team
directly if you need additional help.

---

### Drawer

We've [hard-deprecated](#hard-deprecation) `Drawer` and this component was fully removed from Canvas

> Kit. Consider using the [Side Panel](/components/containers/side-panel/). Aware that `SidePanel`

Reviewer 2: i think this links to the one in main, i think this should be the one from preview right?

Author: Yeah, I can change it to preview one, but we probably will need to change it after SidePanel deprecation

Reviewer: should we leave a comment as a TODO so we ensure we review where we are pointing users before we release v9?

import {Meta} from '@storybook/addon-docs';

> <Meta title="Welcome/Upgrade Guides/v9.0" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Meta title="Guides/Upgrade Guides/v9.0" />
```

**Please verify all changes made by the codemod.** As a safety precaution, we recommend committing
the changes from the codemod as a single isolated commit (separate from other changes) so you can
roll back more easily if necessary.

## Component Deprecations

### Deprecation Types

#### Soft Deprecation

A soft-deprecated component is still available with its full functionality, but it will have been
renamed with a prefix to indicate its soft-deprecated status. It will also include a console warning
announcing its deprecation. This warning will only be triggered on the component's initial render.

Soft-deprecated types and utilities will also have been renamed but generally will not trigger a
console warning.

#### Hard Deprecation

A hard-deprecated component or package is no longer available. You will need to follow the method
prescribed in our Upgrade Guide to update your application. Please
[reach out](https://github.com/Workday/canvas-kit/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug.md) to our team
directly if you need additional help.

---

### Drawer

<!---
TODO: Please review this section with documenting SidePanel deprication
-->

> We've [hard-deprecated](#hard-deprecation) `Drawer` and this component was fully removed from Canvas

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We've [hard-deprecated](#hard-deprecation) `Drawer` and this component has been fully removed from Canvas
```

Kit. Consider using the

> [Side Panel](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/story/preview-side-panel--basic). Aware

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Side Panel](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/story/preview-side-panel--basic). Be Aware
```

> that `SidePanel` from the main package is planned to be replaced by the one from Preview.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that `SidePanel` from the Main package is planned to be replaced by the one from Preview.
```

> that `SidePanel` from main package is planned to be deprecated and replaced by one from Preview. So

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that `SidePanel` from the main package is planned to be replaced by the one from Preview. So
```

> we suggest to use preview version of `SidePanel` until main version `SidePanel` hard deprecation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We suggest you use the Preview version of `SidePanel` until the one in Main is replaced with it.
```
